feat(curriculum): add binary search tree (#52371)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-tree-traversal-by-building-a-binary-search-tree/655a56dc4749dc906fac6802.md

---
id: 655a56dc4749dc906fac6802
title: Step 54
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-54
---

# --description--

> Write a `for` loop to iterate over the `nodes` list. Inside the `for` loop body, call the `insert` method of the `bst` object passing the node at the current iteration to insert ordinately all the values in the binary search tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a `for` loop to iterate over the `nodes` list. Inside the `for` loop body, call the `insert` method of the `bst` object, passing the node at the current iteration to insert all values orderly into the binary search tree.
```

---
id: 655a56dc4749dc906fac6802
title: Step 54
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-54
---

# --description--

> Create a `for` loop to iterate over the `nodes` list. Inside the `for` loop body, call the `insert` method of the `bst` object passing the node at the current iteration to insert ordinately all the values in the binary search tree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Write a `for` loop to iterate over the `nodes` list. Inside the `for` loop body, call the `insert` method of the `bst` object passing the node at the current iteration to insert ordinately all the values in the binary search tree.
```

        self.left = None
        self.right = None

class BinarySearchTree:
    def __init__(self):
        self.root = None

    def insert(self,key):
        self.root = self._insert(self.root, key)

    def _insert(self, node, key):
        if node is None:
            return TreeNode(key)
        if key < node.key:
            node.left = self._insert(node.left, key)
        elif key > node.key:
            node.right = self._insert(node.right, key)
        return node

    def search(self, key):
        return self._search(self.root, key)

    def _search(self, node, key):
        if node is None or node.key == key:
            return node
        if key < node.key:
            return self._search(node.left, key)
        return self._search(node.right, key)

    def delete(self, key):
        self.root = self._delete(self.root, key)

    def _delete(self, node, key):
        if node is None:
            return node
        if key < node.key:
            node.left = self._delete(node.left, key)
        elif key > node.key:
            node.right = self._delete(node.right, key)
        else:
            if node.left is None:
                return node.right

> 
>             elif node.right is None:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            elif node.right is None:
```
